Hi, Betty. What are you doing?
Hi, darling. I'm trying to find out about Chunchong for my project.
She's very good at Taekwondo.
Really? So what have you discovered about her on the internet?
Well, she was born in 1982 and she's from her nun.
She was once a basketball player before she changed to Taekwondo.
That is unusual, isn't it?
I mean, to give up a popular sport like basketball to do Taekwondo.
Yes, I think so too.
And at first, she didn't think it was the right decision.
She found the Taekwondo training very difficult.
In fact, she almost gave up.
But she was encouraged by her mother to continue with training.
And in the end, she was successful.
Was she in the Chinese team at the Olympics?
Yes. She won a gold medal in Sydney and then another one in Athens.
Look at the photo. She was cheered by everyone.
She was so happy that she hugged her coach
and wore the Chinese national flag on her shoulders.